=Recruit A General to lead the Troops=
=Episode 12=
(Qingfeng Bobo Shop)
Ladies,
don't you often feel like
you've got nothing to wear?
Like your wardrobe is
always missing something?
Well, take a look
at the one I'm wearing now.
Wow, isn't this gorgeous?
It's made with...
That's enough! Dismiss!
Everyone move along!
Who let you set up a stall here?
Hey!
Move along!
You're gathering to trade
and blocking the road!
Officer, what's the meaning of this?
What do you think it means?
Did you even inform
the local authorities of your business?
Setting up a stall
requires paying a fee.
Everything made by Qingfeng Stronghold
has already been reported.
Oh really?
Then, hand over the silver.
How much?
One hundred taels.
A hundred taels?
I could buy a house for that much.
You're charging me
the same just to run a stall?
This is madness!
Enough talking.
Pay up, or I'll smash your stall. Do it!
Wait, officers!
Officers!
Out of the way!
Stop!
Who's there?
Cold Tiger.
Looks like I went too easy on you last time.
You dare show your face again?
I...
This was the county magistrate's order.
It's not my choice.
Sir,
treating Qingfeng Stronghold and
the holiday resort this way isn't right.
Take my advice,
don't bring trouble on yourself.
What trouble?
You just keep nagging,
like some old hen clucking around.
Shut it already.
He's just a live-in husband.
Who gave him the guts?
Who gave him the nerve to go against me?
I'll make sure
he learns who's in charge here.
Mark my words!
Li Chengyu!
Are you out of your mind?
Young Master Li!
Don't hit him!
How dare you defy my authority?
Who gave you the guts?
Why wouldn't I dare?
Stop hitting him!
I should wipe out your whole family!
Guards!
Seize this madman at once!
Arrest him!
Open your dog and see!
(General)
General...
He's a General!
You dare threaten to kill my family?
Mercy, sir!
Please forgive me!
I didn't know you were a general.
I was wrong. I swear I didn't know!
Listen.
If you ever mess with Qingfeng
Stronghold or the holiday resort again,
you'd better think about
whether you can keep your head.
I wouldn't dare.
Never again.
Young Master Li.
Sir, you...
Ah, you really...
Young Master Li!
He's a general!
Good heavens...
General Li!
(County Office)
General Li.
Don't waste your anger on him.
That county magistrate won't dare again.
Would he have the guts?
No, of course not.
Oh, General.
Isn't this something you dropped?
Do you recognize it?
Not exactly.
Not the arrowhead itself.
But the material and design
are very unusual.
It doesn't look like
something from your army.
It should be more powerful
than standard military issue.
If you ask me, I'd say
it comes from the Dongfang family.
The Dongfang family?
That Dongfang family
has been famous for
designing weapons for generations.
And the latest line of weapons
is said to be crafted by Dongfang Shan.
Right now, every legendary weapon
in the martial world
was made by Dongfang Shan.
So how can we meet him?
That depends. It can be hard,
but it can also be easy.
I'm in no mood today.
Don't play word games with me.
Yes, yes.
The easy part is,
I know where he is.
The hard part?
That's the tricky bit.
Dongfang Shan
is arrogant by nature.
To meet him,
you must meet his condition.
One thousand taels.
One thousand taels?
For ordinary folks like us,
that's an impossible amount.
But for you, General,
that's nothing.
Hahaha!
Are you going now?
General?
Don't forget the silver!
Old man.
Old man!
Lend me a thousand taels.
It's for an investigation.
Old man!
That old one...
Li Aotian already went back.
Why hasn't he returned yet?
Annals of Emperor Jin Wu
compiles the words of a hundred schools.
- The Emperor commands...
- Qin Manyue?
Qin Manyue!
Young Master Li, what are you doing?
- Lend me a thousand taels.
- A thousand taels?
I've found an important clue linked
to the evidence His Majesty asked for.
I need the money
to fund my investigation.
Aren't you in charge of the money?
Lend me a thousand taels.
A hundred taels, maybe.
But a thousand is no small sum.
I can't pull that much out.
Do you have a thousand taels?
Do you?
Forget it. Looks like I'll have to
borrow it from Mr. Qian.
Manyue.
That's it for today.
Manyue, you...
You like him?
What are you talking about?
We don't share
that kind of relationship.
Don't get the wrong idea.
Besides, I already
have someone in my heart.
You do?
We only met once by chance,
and never saw each other again.
All I can do is keep him in my heart.
If fate allows, you'll meet again.
Then, is Li Chengyu...
He came to borrow money from me.
Borrow money?
And not a small amount.
A thousand taels.
Maybe he's in some sort of trouble.
(Something this serious,)
(and he didn't even ask for my help.)
(I have to find a way to help him.)
Honorable County Magistrate!
What a surprise visit.
Ah, County Magistrate,
if it's urgent,
you could've summoned me to the office.
Why come here in person?
Mr. Qian...
I heard your business
has been doing quite well lately.
So, did all the things I told you before
forgotten and lost in the wind?
Since you won't listen to me,
I'll find someone who will
and have them take your place.
You!
Mr. Qian...
Anyone here?
What on earth happened?
Young Master Li, are you here
to pay respects to Mr. Qian?
Please, come with me.
Wait, is Mr. Qian...
He passed away suddenly last night.
It was so sudden,
none of us were prepared.
(Old Qian had strong inner strength.)
(It was hard to even go near him.)
(He was full of energy just a few days ago,
and now suddenly dead overnight.)
(Mr. Qian Haoduo's memorial tablet)
What was Mr. Qian
up to these past few days?
Anything unusual?
No, nothing unusual.
Yesterday he was even chatting
happily with the County Magistrate.
But that very night, he dropped dead.
The County Magistrate
even sent a coroner to check.
It was confirmed as a sudden death.
At least the County Magistrate
was kind-hearted.
He arranged properties for us
so we can at least make a living.
And he even appointed a new shopkeeper.
I want an autopsy.
No, Young Master Li!
The dead deserve respect.
Let him rest in peace.
Open the coffin!
No, Young Master Li!
Mr. Qian treated you well
when he was alive.
How could you do this to him?
Take them away.
Hear me out.
No! Hey!
(Mr. Qian Haoduo's memorial tablet)
This is the man who bought up
all our shopkeeper's property.
Our new shopkeeper, Liu Sheng.
Liu Sheng...
Liu Pitang.
Hahahahaha!
It really is Liu Pitang!
Brother!
He's not dead!
(Mr. Qian Haoduo's memorial tablet)
(Matchmaker Temple)
Old man! Old man!
Cold Tiger!
Who is this?
You, step outside.
Li Aotian.
Chengyu.
Didn't you promise me
you'd kill Liu Pitang?
Why is he still alive?
What?
He escaped?
Wasn't he in the capital prison?
Are you sure you saw right?
I saw him with my own eyes.
Impossible.
That's a prison overseen by the Emperor.
It's heavily guarded.
Unless...
Someone let him out.
But aside from His Majesty,
who else has that kind of power?
The Chancellor.
♪If you've never seen a bloom,
you can't know hope♪
♪If you weren't here,
I wouldn't have come♪
♪On a soda-lit night,
only the wind knows my love♪
♪It's a helpless kind of feeling♪
♪Like a feather of morning love
falling into the deep sea♪
♪Being unnoticed,
yet I still tell you I love you♪
♪But my confession
is drowned out by the wind♪
♪You can't hear it♪
♪I also want to rush forward♪
♪To give you all my heart♪
♪Yet it's pushed away by you♪
♪Whether love is spoken
or left unspoken♪
♪I know you understand♪
♪It's just an accident♪
♪You longed to wander once more,
by my side through the throng♪
♪I know you weren't really here for me♪
♪Yet still, who else could bring
a surprise quite like you♪
♪After you left,
I didn't want to let go♪
♪You brushed past me,
leaving your trace in the crowd♪
♪I didn't shut you out♪
♪But I couldn't wait for you to stop♪
♪Yet I seem to clutch you,
unable to let you fade into the crowd♪